Add info on space-based indentation to the VS Code extension docs (#147)
statelyai/docs: versioned_docs/version-5/xstate-vscode-extension.mdx

1. Open the command palette with `shift` + `cmd/ctrl` + `p`.
2. Search for the Install Extensions command and hit enter to open the Extensions search.
3. Search for XState to find the XState VS Code extension and install the extension using the Install button.

> 4. Ensure you have VS Code setup to [insert spaces](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/codebasics#_indentation); we have seen problems if tabs are used for indentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Ensure you have [VS Code setup to insert spaces](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/codebasics#_indentation); we have noticed problems when tabs are used for indentation.
```

This layout string is for persisting manual changes you make to the machine’s layout and is automatically updated by the XState Extension whenever layout changes occur. It is not intended to be human-readable nor manually edited. When updates to this string are made by the extension, the file is not saved until a manual save is performed. The layout algorithm is able to interpret this string and automatically format the machine's layout whenever it is re-opened in Stately Studio’s editor.

:::

:::caution

> **Caution**: if you use tab based-indentation in VS Code the extension might not work. Setup VS Code to [insert spaces](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/codebasics#_indentation) automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Caution**: if you use tab based-indentation in VS Code the extension might not work. [Setup VS Code to insert spaces](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/codebasics#_indentation) automatically.
```
